All right switch lights.
So you'll see here we have all of these scandals very big graphic here but we're going to take an array
of ones and zeros.
And whenever a light is lit it's a one and whenever it is unlit it is a zero.
And so when we come across a light that is lit what we want to do is we want to then switch.
We want to swap or switch the values that come after it so we want to turn off the light and then we
want to change the values that come immediately after.
So you'll see here.
A one ok cool.
Turn this one off and then we're in turn this one off and then we're going to go through all of these
iterations until finally we end up with something that looks like 0 1 0 1 0.
After we go through all the values we're essentially going to be switching on and off the values for
every time we hit a lit candle.
And if we don't have any lit candles for instance then it wouldn't swap anything right.
So that's what we're going to be doing here.
All right so the first thing we want to do is we just want to create a reference to our original lights
here.
And so we'll just go ahead and say it's all original lights and I set this equal Jr. and we're just
not unwrap the values in our in our array here go ahead and start Cuoco forgot to turn them all.
Very.
OK so now we have that we're going to iterate through our array and then we going to say look if this
value was originally a one go ahead and swapped the lights that are there.
The reason we didn't just store references we one actually knew it right.
So iterate through here.
Let's say for it I go there live i equal to zero eyes is less than a length are going to original light.
So it doesn't really matter that length I pulls plus.
OK.
And now we're going to do a check and see if our original value was an eye or a one or other.
We're going to have to do some logic and we're going to reset the value of original lights and the way
that we're going to do that is we're going to write a separate function here.
Not because I think it just we clean it up a little bit.
We're at a function here and just called Swap lights and we're going to take in our lights which is
going to be the number.
We're also going to take in a current index value because we only want to swap.
Up until that point.
So now we have that.
So of course we'll be a number as well.
And what we're going to return back is a is a number.
All right.
So in our in our function here which if it's equal to 1 you know reset original lights to be equal to
swap lights with the original light so we're passing in as well as our index on.
All right.
And we'll go ahead and make that a lot as well since we're overriding goal.
So what we're going to iterate through the array that I will to zero by is less than the current index
plus And then we're going to set a reset light psi equal to the opposite value of itself.
So in that lights I would just use a Turnour here if it's equal equal to 1.
Go ahead and return 0 if it's not return 1
I'll leave the lights I think.
What was that.
Now all we're going to do here is go ahead and reset the current index value to zero.
All right.
So it's next to zero.
Now we could probably I think we can eliminate this line here.
So I originally did.
I think we set plus one there.
That would be fine but Wolf worry factor after.
Now if Doo's return lights and at the end will just have to return our original lights which probably
is not a bad name because they're not our original lights we are originally storing them so.
So I think what we can do here is we knew plus one.
And then when you can eliminate that altogether too to lower our code just a bit.
So let's just go over the logic we are creating a reference to the original lights were then iterating
through and then we're swapping the light values for each one that is actually called a 1 in our logic
here.
And then just returning the tool that's pretty much it.